Add comments on MPI ports vs sockets (#176)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/configuration/configuration-communication.md

<m2n:mpi .../>
```

> As the ports functionality is not a highly used feature of MPI, it has robustness issues for several MPI implementations ([for OpenMPI, for example](https://github.com/precice/precice/issues/746)). In principle, MPI gives you faster communication roughly by a factor of 10 (see [Benjamin Uekermann's dissertation](https://mediatum.ub.tum.de/doc/1320661/document.pdf), section 4.2.3), but, for most applications, you will not feel any difference as both are very fast. We recommend using `sockets` by default, unless you are performing a large performance-critical simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the ports functionality is not a highly used feature of MPI (if used with separated `MPI_COMM_WORLD` communicators), it has robustness issues for several MPI implementations ([for OpenMPI, for example](https://github.com/precice/precice/issues/746)). In principle, MPI gives you faster communication roughly by a factor of 10 (see [Benjamin Uekermann's dissertation](https://mediatum.ub.tum.de/doc/1320661/document.pdf), section 4.2.3), but, for most applications, you will not feel any difference as both are very fast. We recommend using `sockets` by default, unless you are performing large performance-critical simulations with very large coupling meshes.
```

Author: I think the "separated `MPI_COMM_WORLD` communicators" will still not be clear for many users. Can we maybe give an example or comment how probable it is that it affects a user?

Reviewer: preCICE participants are typically always started with separated `MPI_COMM_WORLDS`. This first sentence here is a bit to blame MPI.
Maybe linking to https://precice.org/running-slurm.html helps?

Our main message should however always be: "use sockets, it's not really slower, but much more robust".

> In preCICE, we always start simulations in separated MPI communicators (remember: we start solvers in different terminals, with their own `mpirun` commands), a feature that highly improves flexibility (solvers do not need to be in the same MPI communicator at any time). As the MPI ports functionality is not a highly used feature of MPI (at least not with separated `MPI_COMM_WORLD` communicators), it has robustness issues for several MPI implementations ([for OpenMPI, for example](https://github.com/precice/precice/issues/746)). In principle, MPI gives you faster communication roughly by a factor of 10 (see [Benjamin Uekermann's dissertation](https://mediatum.ub.tum.de/doc/1320661/document.pdf), section 4.2.3), but, for most applications, you will not feel any difference as both are very fast. We recommend using `sockets` by default, unless you are performing large performance-critical simulations with very large coupling meshes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In preCICE, we always start simulations in separated MPI communicators (remember: we start solvers in different terminals, with their own `mpirun` commands), a feature that highly improves flexibility (solvers do not need to be in the same MPI communicator at any time). As the MPI ports functionality is not a highly used feature of MPI (at least not with separated `MPI_COMM_WORLD` communicators), it has robustness issues for several MPI implementations ([for OpenMPI, for example](https://github.com/precice/precice/issues/746)). In principle, MPI gives you faster communication roughly by a factor of 10 (see [Benjamin Uekermann's dissertation](https://mediatum.ub.tum.de/doc/1320661/document.pdf), section 4.2.3), but, for most applications, you will not feel any difference as both are very fast. We recommend using `sockets` by default, unless you are performing large performance-critical simulations with very large coupling meshes combined with a high total time-window count.
There are no hard limits regarding vertex or time-window count for when this change makes sense, as the the preCICE configuration and the solver-provided mesh partitioning hugely impact the required communication load. The only reliable decision process is to measure the impact of the change on the run-time of `initialize` and `advance` calls. See the section on [performance analysis](tooling-performance-analysis) for more information.
```
